hi I'm tiny is still from Epicurus calm
and you're watching around the world in
80 dishes today we're going to Italy to
Tuscany Italy actually to make pasta
fazool my friend chef de Perry I said
yeah going on I am very excited about
this dish because this is kind of a
classic home dish that they eat while in
Tuscany particularly but really all over
Italy is like all over all over there's
nothing better than pork and beans so
true that's what this dish is pretty
much all about good yeah so here we go
how about this we're gonna start first
with some Italian sausage you choose
which one do you like hotter sweet I'm
gonna go with a sweet okay yeah so we
have some sweet just like me right just
like you not hot but sweet then you're
gonna cook this until it's brown so it's
nice and brown and you probably wanna
tell it along with a little bit of extra
virgin olive oil so you can see how nice
and again we don't want it to burn so
moderate a high heat okay
so you see how very quickly we browned
it off yep
so next let's throw in some onions okay
so we want to cook these onions until
they start to turn a little bit more on
the translucent side okay yeah doesn't
that look nice yeah our next ingredient
is going to be the beans
wow that's a lot of being soon well this
is a really heart it's a very hearty
soup now as far as Olli is that beam but
your lays beans when my father got upset
at us because we weren't using common
sense he would call us a fazool now
here's the magic Oh
Riggs a Rose Marie okay and you put beef
broth is that correct yes okay now some
people like to put garlic in in this
soup and they would put it in after the
onions are fried uh-huh some people
don't want to have the extra garlic in
there but there's a way to incorporate
the garlic into the soup without
actually having to eat it now that's
just to peel a couple of cloves and just
set them in and then later you can get
them out I see okay so the cloves are
actually just boiling okay so you bring
this soup to it he's gonna bring it up
to a simmer okay you may have to season
it with a little salt and pepper
how's it smell it smells great doesn't
it
I can some other rows we take yeah now
the last thing we want to do is let this
thing to come to a boil because we don't
want the beans to break apart I think we
should taste it before we played it what
do you know because if we need a little
bit more seasoning we want to put that
seasoning in before we plate oh my god
that's awesome
hmm oh my god you know it's a sausage
flavor is intense
it's delicious what we're going to do is
we are going to put our pasta in the
bowl right and then we're gonna pour
ladle it right on top okay and so that
that warms up the pasta well this as you
can see it's probably a good 210 degrees
here so I'm sure that this hot soup with
really isn't going to this isn't going
to cool this down that much mm-hmm oh
wow that's beautiful so you're not
putting the rosemary in no and we want
to mix it up now is this one of those
things that's even better the next day
it's way better the next day
look at that how do you think beautiful
now we could finish this with some fresh
chopped parsley or some fresh chopped
rosemary do you mind if I just taste for
the boom is that okay it's very telling
you know me right
absolute digging that's what they say
right mind your kids munching mmm oh my
gosh I feel great chef Perry thank you
so much for showing me how to make this
pasta fagioli it was so delicious also
thank you so much you're very welcome
my pleasure